Saba is still worried about the lioness
and her vulnerable young cubs
she was looking quite skinny and I'm
sure but this time the young family
isn't alone 2 subbers relief the lioness
has been joined by her sister and her
six-month-old cubs
it definitely makes life a lot easier to
pair up with another - because it just
is another pair of eyes and ears and
sharp claws to help you defend your
babies if you need it it's great news
this means one lioness can go hunting
while the other Minds the Cubs and by
the look of it they've had a good feed
look at that Tony looks like Luna don't
wait to show my children very clear age
difference
six-month-old Cubs just look like
they're fully in love in their bodies
now and I've really kind of got a
hang-up themselves
it also means they're gonna give the
little ones quite a hard time think
night and they're definitely gonna get
the worst of it but it'll toughen them
up for the big bad world the problem is
that the older Cubs are also keen to
suckle and the smallest day appears to
be constantly pushed away
subber can't intervene but she'll return
later to see how they're getting on